---
title: Q3 2015 SP1
page_title: Q3 2015 SP1 | for Telerik Reporting Documentation
description: Q3 2015 SP1
slug: telerikreporting/upgrade/2015/q3-2015-sp1
tags: q3,2015,sp1
published: True
position: 4
---

# Q3 2015 SP1



This article explains the manual changes required when upgrading to Telerik Reporting Q3 2015 SP1 (9.2.15.1105).

## WPF Report Viewer Dependencies

The viewer is build with Telerik UI Controls for WPF __2015.3.1104.40__. If you are using a newer version consider adding binding redirects. For more information see:
          [How to Add report viewer to a WPF .NET Framework project]({%slug telerikreporting/using-reports-in-applications/display-reports-in-applications/wpf-application/how-to-add-report-viewer-to-a-wpf-.net-framework-project%})

## Silverlight Report Viewer Dependencies

The viewer is build with Telerik UI Controls for Silverlight __2015.3.1104.1050__.
        

## WinForms Report Viewer

The method [M:Telerik.ReportViewer.WinForms.ReportViewerBase.CancelRendering(System.Int32)]() is now __obsolete__.
          Please use the [M:Telerik.ReportViewer.WinForms.ReportViewerBase.CancelRendering]() method instead.
        

## WPF Report Viewer

The method [M:Telerik.ReportViewer.Wpf.ReportViewer.CancelRendering(System.Int32)]() is now __obsolete__.
          Please use the [M:Telerik.ReportViewer.Wpf.ReportViewer.CancelRendering]() method instead.
        

## HTML5 Report Viewer

The default report viewer template now uses a Telerik proprietary font. The font is located in
          C:\Program Files (x86)\Telerik\Reporting {{site.suiteversion}}\Html5\ReportViewer\font. The font folder and its content should be present in the 
          *ReportViewer* folder of your report viewer application.
        

## HTML5 ASP.NET Web Forms Report Viewer

The property [P:Telerik.ReportViewer.Html5.WebForms.ReportSource.Parameters]() is now __read-only__,
          allowing the containing parameter instances to be accessed by name.
        
